At the USJ and at the training camp...
I led the villains to our location.
Midoriya, I am...
a good-for-nothing villain.
Of course not!
Take my hand, Aoyama.
You can still
be a hero!
ORIGINAL STORY BY KOHEI HORIKOSHI
Aoyama is the only one right now
who can deceive All For One.
Why?
Why do they care about me?
A good-for-nothing villain like me.
Wait. Hold on a second, guys.
Don't get ahead of yourselves.
He committed a crime.
It's not like I want to say this,
but you guys are the biggest victims.
Can you guys really trust him?
Everything he did is in the past.
We couldn't understand
what was in his heart,
and we're responsible for that.
That's exactly why we want to reach out
as friends and help our classmate
who is crying in despair.
We want him to accept and take our hand.
That's the only way
for him and the rest of us
to stand on equal ground once again!
I was put through the wringer
during training camp.
Take five blasts of my Howitzer
and we'll call it even.
We can't tell if you're joking or not.
Stop it.
That's right.
Aoyama felt he had to follow orders
from All For One because he was helpless.
But things are different now.
You tried to persuade
your parents to stop, right?
When we went to stop Midoriya...
did anyone blame him for being Quirkless?
Did we hate him for holding back his tears
and keeping a secret from us?
Do you remember what we said at that time?
We said,
"Let's share the responsibilities."
"We won't let you go alone."
"Giving help that's not asked for,
that's the true essence of a hero!"
Aoyama! It's not over yet!
We can still stand firm together!
-Aoyama!
Hold on.
I'm sorry to put a damper on things,
but we'll first get the Aoyama family
to cooperate with this investigation.
Lies won't work on All For One.
We just heard that lying
will get them killed.
I understand how you all feel,
but let's keep our cool.
Midoriya.
You talked about luring All For One,
but do you have anything specific in mind?
No, not really.
That's what I thought. Jeez.
Mr. Tsukauchi, I'm responsible for this
because I failed to notice.
But I feel the same way
as the students do.
Aizawa.
Aoyama, I still...
don't plan on expelling you.
As the teacher for Class 1-A,
I have an idea.
An idea?
Mr. Tsukauchi, please make sure
that Aoyama and his parents
can't hear what I'm about to say.
Okay, got it.
The strategy I came up with is...
I see. Every location will need
to be inspected,
but it's highly feasible.
Yes, although it will all depend on him.
We only have a week. It's better
than just sitting around and waiting.
It's worth giving it a shot, huh.
We'll conduct further inspection
back at the headquarters.
This information cannot be leaked
to anyone who is not here right now.
Aoyama!
-We need to start by preparing.
-Right.
I have to start by repairing my costume
-since it was torn to pieces.
-Me too.
Let's continue with intense training
-so we can utilize our Quirks to the max.
-Right.
Let's make sure
to take him down, everyone.
Yes!
In order to prepare for our next battle...
To take all possible measures...
There's equipment that needs
to be repaired.
Déjà vu?
Ow, ow, ow.
Ouch.
Oh, my. Long time no see, Midoriya.
Sorry about that.
What can I help you guys with?
My Danger Sense didn't activate.
I was totally caught off guard!
It was her breasts after all!
Anyway, Hatsume,
we're here to get our costumes repaired.
Huh? Why don't you ask
the Item Agency like always?
Huh? Oh, the Item Agency is currently...
Or more like,
the distribution system
is not functioning.
That's why we came to the Support Course.
-I see. Understandable.
-What?
Huh?
Hatsume... Don't tell me...
Is she unaware of everything
that's going on in the world right now?
Hatsume!
Why do you have to blow things up
all the time?
You guys must be here
for the costume repairs. Come inside.
This place looks different now.
It's the UA Barrier built
by the support of the principal.
I'm in charge of developing it.
I'll also handle the maintenance
once it's up and running.
It's all hands on deck
for the Support Course.
I see.
Mid-Gauntlet.
That's an item using
the latest compression technology.
It's a prototype from overseas,
so I don't have any extras.
I'd like to have this repaired.
Do you need it right away?
Yes.
Then it's impossible. Sorry!
With that level of damage,
I'll practically have to remake it.
But we don't have the Condenium necessary
for the compression mechanism. So nope.
Sorry.
She's running away so fast!
Hatsume, can you work on my armor?
Not without the specs!
How direct!
Don't worry, we'll make it.
We're Hatsume's classmates.
Thank you so much. We appreciate it.
Don't worry about it.
But that was unexpected.
Hatsume loves tinkering with machines,
so I thought she'd accept our request
and offer to help.
Hatsume, what are you making?
Did it just fly? That's amazing!
Hatsume is helping out with the work
to strengthen the UA Barrier.
She's coming up with a new mechanism
to be used during evacuations.
I'm sure I've mentioned this before,
but her vitality and novel ideas
are phenomenally unique.
If you need to cool off your legs,
just run with your arms instead!
Even a perfect A+ idea
could lower to an A- a minute later.
"That's why I have to keep
raising my babies!"
Those are words I live by!
Those were Hatsume's words.
I see.
That's why you don't get distracted
by the outside world
and absorb yourself with inventing
that you love so much.
Hatsume, you're really amazing.
You're so dense, Midoriya,
dense like polyethylene.
I don't understand.
I know that you heroes
are in a difficult situation right now.
We aren't fighters.
Therefore, we conduct many trials
and find their errors, so that you guys
-can save as many people as possible.
-Yup.
That's why we're the same.
Inventing things is how we
at the Support Course act as heroes.
Hatsume...
I couldn't make a replica.
It's not as great as the Mid-Gauntlet,
but if you'd like, please put my babies
to good use.
There's even a glove on it!
Were you making this
with just your left hand?
Ida, I couldn't make an exact replica
of your armor, but please give that a try.
Yay! Thank you!
We were getting ready...
...to take measurements.
Please send a message
to everyone in the Hero Course...
Let's win this!
Yes.
Hey, you're here earlier than expected.
We just got ready...
Glad we made it in time.
Shouldn't you guys
be back to normal by now?
I heard about what happened to Class A.
But we can't afford to waste another day.
Our best plan is still to find and
sweep up the Paranormal Liberation Front
and the League of Villains
as soon as possible.
We cannot abandon the shortest route
that will end all this.
Getting confused and coming to a halt
will only play into our enemy's hands!
Will Aoyama...
accept our outstretched hand?
I believe in him.
Aoyama will come back for sure.
I hope he hasn't placed a curse
on himself.
I think he'll be okay.
I'm sure his eyes
have always been fixed on the person
he wanted to be, more than anyone.
Let's focus and begin!
Midoriya, Bakugo, and Todoroki
will take the lead, and the class
will be deployed in groups of three.
UA High School, Class 1-A, Hero Course.
Search Team, assemble!
KANSAI REGION
Meanwhile...
Output 100%.
Nejire Flood!
Anyone injured, Suneater?
Ne... ji... re...
Thank you! Thank you!
The villains began to do as they pleased
in the countryside, so we ran.
Don't you worry! You're all okay now.
I'll guide you to Shiketsu High School.
It's a fortress that rivals UA.
Thank you! Please show us your face!
No... I cannot show it to you.
It's a given that
we'll protect the evacuees.
But that means fewer people in town,
and thus, we won't get any intel
on the villains.
It's a difficult situation.
We've finally come to this point...
So far, we've conducted
two surprise attacks,
but now, we'll be taking a completely
different route where both sides
will be fully prepared
for the start of an all-out war.
TENYA IIDA
SHOTA AIZAWA
CENTRAL HOSPITAL
Central Hospital.
To conceal their cooperation
with this important facility,
several police stations moved their bases
to buildings nearby.
As for our alternative plan...
I've gathered necessary requirements
for the upcoming battle.
Young Aoyama is currently
waiting on test results.
The Aoyama incident
instantly restricted our next moves.
All of you here have been deemed
trustworthy based on your actions
and various circumstantial evidence,
so we will begin this meeting.
Endeavor, Best Jeanist,
and other big heroes
will be taking command on-site.
This is last-minute,
but it's a confidential meeting,
so we're being extra cautious
and limiting the number of people.
I fully understand that, but still...
Wild, Wild
Pussycats!
It's sad that Ryuko and the rest
aren't here.
Sorry. It's not that we're doubting
the loyalty of your members.
-Meow.
Shigaraki and the rest are using
my Search Quirk for the wrong purpose.
So you have my full support.
So let us know
about the "necessary requirements".
Whether we go with our original plan
or an alternate plan,
one thing we must do at all costs...
is separate them.
According to footage
from the battle with Star and Stripe,
Tomura Shigaraki's power
has easily surpassed All For One.
Everyone who watched the battle at Kamino
knows the extent of All For One's power.
In addition to the attacks
using Radio Waves
displayed during the Assault on Tartarus,
we're also not aware of the extent to
which they're able to share their minds.
If both of them come at us together,
we will have no chance of winning.
Then why didn't they team up
to fight against Star?
To prevent Star from calling
out their names.
According to New Order's restrictions,
the rule would've worked
once Star said the name "All For One".
During this upcoming battle,
we will keep them
at least ten kilometers apart.
This is the minimum prerequisite
for our victory.
I'm sure the enemies will plan their moves
to prevent this from happening.
That's right, Tsukauchi.
The terrifying and far-reaching flames
that reduce all to ashes.
It's a threat we experienced
during training camp.
Once Dabi is in the vanguard,
we will be forced to stop.
So basically...
in order to separate
All For One and Shigaraki,
we'll first separate Dabi...
It's not just Dabi.
That's right. It's everyone.
We'll split up all the main villains
and destroy each one!
In order to do that,
we must lure out the enemies.
But isn't that just wishful thinking?
It's easier said than done.
Yes. Therefore, in order to meet
all the necessary requirements,
we need a strategy.
Aoyama, huh?
He's still shaken up.
He's a young boy who was born Quirkless
and was taken advantage of.
I sympathize with him,
but it doesn't change the fact
that he chose to save himself
by betraying us and our society.
Because of my position,
I have to be very cautious.
I want to believe
in young Aoyama.
And I will trust
his teacher, Shota Aizawa.
The test results show
no signs of abnormalities.
His brain waves and nervous system
are in good order too.
The Quirk that self-destructed Lady Nagant
was acquired after getting defeated
by All Might, huh?
Come to think of it,
if he plants destructive bombs inside
his lackeys in case they betray him,
he wouldn't need to murder betrayers
as a warning to prevent them from lying
or to threaten them
with horrifying possibilities.
That's why All For One planted
seeds of fear into this young boy
and his parents.
Are you scared?
You won't find many friends in life
who will stand up for you like that.
We want to reach out as friends
and help our classmate
who is crying in despair.
What are you scared of?
Are you scared of All For One?
Yes.
And I...
can't sparkle like they do.
That scares me.
The more they place their faith in me,
the more I lose faith in myself.
Even if I were to grab hold
of their hands,
once I come face to face with All For One,
I might repeat the same mistake.
That thought scares me.
That's why I want to quit.
I want to go somewhere dark,
with no light,
and wait for my death.
You may be able to plead
for extenuating circumstances,
but your sin will not disappear.
Aoyama, even when this battle ends,
you may not be able to remain at UA.
Your friends sugarcoated things,
but I won't do that.
I'll be straight with you.
Even if by force, I have to uproot
the fear that's been rooted in him.
Fight. You have no choice but to fight.
I know that. We have to win this. I know.
I know that I have to become
a pawn in order to win this...
To be on equal footing...
You're right.
In terms of using you to our advantage,
we might be no different than All For One.
But I won't let you be tormented
by your sins
and die a lonely death,
not as long as I'm
your Hero Course teacher
and you're my student.
I still don't plan on expelling you.
I don't teach my students
to live their lives
wallowing in guilt.
Even if you feel ashamed and pathetic,
live together with the friends
who have held out their hands to you.
We will protect you.
I promise you that.
You'll be fine
as long as you're with them.
But how can a single wrongdoer like me
be of any help?
There's no way he's not scared.
Anyone would be scared.
That's why...
You didn't think I'd make you
walk this path on your own, right?
You students,
us teachers, and pro-heroes too...
It's a path
that we're all on together.
Hey! Let's go! It's almost time.
Yeah.
Preview of the next episode.
The final battle is near.
Both the heroes and villains
heading into battle
have various thoughts
passing through their minds...
trying to forget the past,
desiring to change the present,
and striving towards the future.
Next episode, "Let You Down."
What will we gain, and what will we lose?
Go Beyond! Plus Ultra!
Subtitle translation by: Lili Morita